Jira change vendor name (#19644)
demisto/content: Packs/Jira/ReleaseNotes/2_0_4.md

#### Integrations
##### Jira Event Collector

> - Improved implementation of the default data set name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improved the implementation of the dataset's default name.
```

#### Modeling Rules
##### JiraEventCollector

> - Improved implementation of the default data set name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improved the implementation of the dataset's default name.
```
